---
title: 'Getting Started - IVLE'

layout: nil
---

If you are building an app catering to NUS, you might want to include IVLE Login in order to make use of the data exposed by the [IVLE LAPI](https://wiki.nus.edu.sg/display/ivlelapi/IVLE+LAPI+Overview). NUSCloud supports a convenient way to do this integration.

###Features

Using NUSCloud's IVLE integration offers a number of advantages:
* Avoid exposing IVLE LAPI Key online. Currently, when building a client side application, your app's key would have to be included in the Javascript - which is not very secure.
* Key and Token management - NUSCloud stores your applications API Key and the generated auth tokens as well as token refreshing, removing the need to store user tokens in a database or force user to provide IVLE credentials in each login.
* Allow your app to benefit from user data in applications like [NUSMods+](nusmods.nuscloud.com) as well as IVLE without implementing two separate login flows

How:
* NUSCloud proxies your IVLE requests by adding the authentication parameters, and provides the responses to your application.

Please note that:
* NUSCloud does not cache any IVLE data, so speeds might be slow for large requests.
* IVLE access is limited to the logged-in user. Accessing friends IVLE data is currently not supported.

### Setup

When registering an app [here](http://nuscloud.com/client/registration), enter a valid IVLE LAPI Key. This key can be found [here](http://ivle.nus.edu.sg/LAPI/default.aspx).

This would allow NUSCloud to make requests to IVLE LAPI on the behalf of your app.

###Usage

IVLE integration can be done in your app by including the **ivle-read** and/or **ivle-write** in your requested [permissions](/#/javascript/#permissions).

If either of these permissions are requested, when user is logging in to your app for the first time, the user would be asked to authenticate your application to IVLE after allowing permissions. Similar to the normal login flow, the popup will close automatically on succesful authentication.

Your app can now succesfully make requests to IVLE through NUSCloud when the user is logged in.

###Requests

To make requests to IVLE, the /ivle enpoint is used:

```nuscloud.get('ivle/:path', callback)```

```nuscloud.post('ivle/:path', data, callback)```

The path to be used is based on the UriTemplate of the resource as specified by the [LAPI reference](https://wiki.nus.edu.sg/display/ivlelapi/LAPI+Reference) without the prefix *https://ivle.nus.edu.sg/api/Lapi.svc/*.

Further, arguments for the APIKey and Token / AuthToken are ignored as these are added by NUSCloud as described earlier.

To illustrate with an example:

A GET request to:

```https://ivle.nus.edu.sg/api/Lapi.svc/Modules_Taken?APIKey={System.String}
    &AuthToken={System.String}&StudentID={System.String}```

can be made via:

```nuscloud.get('ivle/Modules_Taken?StudentID={String}', callback);```

###Responses

The format of the response passed to the callback will be the JSON string representation of the object types specified in each method where:

- **status** is the status
- **ivleResponse** is an object

###More Details

For GET request to IVLE - see [here](/#/get-ivle)

For POST request to IVLE - see [here](/#/post-ivle)
